README.md, before:

# Besu Ethereum Client
 [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/hyperledger/besu/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/hyperledger/besu/tree/main)
 [![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/hyperledger/besu.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/hyperledger/besu/alerts/)
 [![Language grade: Java](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/g/hyperledger/besu.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/hyperledger/besu/context:java)
 [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/hyperledger-besu/badge/?version=latest)](https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/latest/?badge=latest)
 [![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/3174/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/3174)
 [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/blob/main/LICENSE)
 [![RocketChat chat](https://open.rocket.chat/images/join-chat.svg)](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/besu)

[Download](https://hyperledger.jfrog.io/artifactory/besu-binaries/besu/)

Besu is an Apache 2.0 licensed, MainNet compatible, Ethereum client written in Java.

## Useful Links

* [Besu User Documentation]
* [Besu Issues]
* [Besu Wiki](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Hyperledger+Besu)
* [How to Contribute to Besu](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/How+to+Contribute)
* [Besu Roadmap](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Roadmap)


## Issues 

Besu issues are tracked [in the github issues tab][Besu Issues].
See our [guidelines](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Issues) for more details on searching and creating issues.

If you have any questions, queries or comments, [RocketChat] is the place to find us.


## Besu Users

To install the Besu binary, follow [these instructions](https://besu.hyperledger.org/HowTo/Get-Started/Install-Binaries/).    

## Besu Developers

* [Contributing Guidelines]
* [Coding Conventions](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Coding+Conventions)
* [Command Line Interface (CLI) Style Guide](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Besu+CLI+Style+Guide)
* [Besu User Documentation] for running and using Besu


### Development

Instructions for how to get started with developing on the Besu codebase. Please also read the
[wiki](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Pull+Requests) for more details on how to submit a pull request (PR).  

* [Checking Out and Building](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Building+from+source)
* [Running Developer Builds](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Building+from+source#running-developer-builds)
* [Code Coverage](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Code+coverage)
* [Logging](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Logging) or the [Documentation's Logging section](https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/stable/HowTo/Monitor/Logging/)


## Release Notes

[Release Notes](CHANGELOG.md)

## Special thanks

YourKit for providing us with a free profiler open source license. 

YourKit supports open source projects with innovative and intelligent tools
for monitoring and profiling Java and .NET applications.
YourKit is the creator of <a href="https://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/">YourKit Java Profiler</a>,
<a href="https://www.yourkit.com/.net/profiler/">YourKit .NET Profiler</a>,
and <a href="https://www.yourkit.com/youmonitor/">YourKit YouMonitor</a>.

![YourKit Logo](https://www.yourkit.com/images/yklogo.png)

[Besu Issues]: https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/issues
[Besu User Documentation]: https://besu.hyperledger.org
[RocketChat]: https://chat.hyperledger.org/
[Contributing Guidelines]: CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

RocketChat -> Discord
Signed-off-by: Sally MacFarlane <sally.macfarlane@consensys.net>

README.md, after:

# Besu Ethereum Client
 [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/hyperledger/besu/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/hyperledger/besu/tree/main)
 [![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/hyperledger/besu.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/hyperledger/besu/alerts/)
 [![Language grade: Java](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/g/hyperledger/besu.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/hyperledger/besu/context:java)
 [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/hyperledger-besu/badge/?version=latest)](https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/latest/?badge=latest)
 [![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/3174/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/3174)
 [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/blob/main/LICENSE)

[Download](https://hyperledger.jfrog.io/artifactory/besu-binaries/besu/)

Besu is an Apache 2.0 licensed, MainNet compatible, Ethereum client written in Java.

## Useful Links

* [Besu User Documentation]
* [Besu Issues]
* [Besu Wiki](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Hyperledger+Besu)
* [How to Contribute to Besu](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/How+to+Contribute)
* [Besu Roadmap](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Roadmap)


## Issues 

Besu issues are tracked [in the github issues tab][Besu Issues].
See our [guidelines](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Issues) for more details on searching and creating issues.

If you have any questions, queries or comments, [Besu channel on Hyperledger Discord] is the place to find us.


## Besu Users

To install the Besu binary, follow [these instructions](https://besu.hyperledger.org/HowTo/Get-Started/Install-Binaries/).    

## Besu Developers

* [Contributing Guidelines]
* [Coding Conventions](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Coding+Conventions)
* [Command Line Interface (CLI) Style Guide](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Besu+CLI+Style+Guide)
* [Besu User Documentation] for running and using Besu


### Development

Instructions for how to get started with developing on the Besu codebase. Please also read the
[wiki](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Pull+Requests) for more details on how to submit a pull request (PR).  

* [Checking Out and Building](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Building+from+source)
* [Running Developer Builds](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Building+from+source#running-developer-builds)
* [Code Coverage](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Code+coverage)
* [Logging](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Logging) or the [Documentation's Logging section](https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/stable/HowTo/Monitor/Logging/)


## Release Notes

[Release Notes](CHANGELOG.md)

## Special thanks

YourKit for providing us with a free profiler open source license. 

YourKit supports open source projects with innovative and intelligent tools
for monitoring and profiling Java and .NET applications.
YourKit is the creator of <a href="https://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/">YourKit Java Profiler</a>,
<a href="https://www.yourkit.com/.net/profiler/">YourKit .NET Profiler</a>,
and <a href="https://www.yourkit.com/youmonitor/">YourKit YouMonitor</a>.

![YourKit Logo](https://www.yourkit.com/images/yklogo.png)

[Besu Issues]: https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/issues
[Besu User Documentation]: https://besu.hyperledger.org
[Besu channel on Hyperledger Discord]: https://discord.gg/hyperledger
[Contributing Guidelines]: CONTRIBUTING.md
